Tucked away behind the clouds
in the hills of North India
is our little town, Riverdale.
Our small town was built in 1914
by Sir John Riverdale.
Did you know Sir Riverdale was
a British officer
who was first posted to Bombay?
Not sure if he could hold onto his job,
but he definitely couldn't hold onto
his heart.
He fell in love with the sunshine,
the Arabian Sea,
the mogras, the pedas,
and a beautiful local girl named Sitara.
A wedding and four children later,
one day, Sir John set out on a hunt
with his friend, the Prince of Sarna.
Yet again,
he couldn't hold onto his heart.
He fell in love with the blue skies
and the mountains.
Sir John and his wife, Sitara,
put all their savings together,
and leased this land from the
prince's father, the Maharaja of Sarna.
They made a new town for people
who were like Sir Riverdale's family,
half British and half Indian.
The Anglo-Indian community.
Then India got its independence.
The British headed home
while the Anglo-Indians
wondered if they should stay back or…
Many left for England,
and the ones who loved their
country stayed back.
Riverdale became home,
and the heart of this town was Green Park.
Every citizen in Riverdale
has once planted a tree here.
In other words, this is where the
community literally planted their roots.
How beautiful is this!
-This is Green Park.
-Yes, very nice.
This is not just the heart,
but the history of Riverdale.
We have a tradition here
known as "planting day".
When kids turn five,
their parents bring them here
to plant a tree.
The trees have their names.
Mine is over there.
How special!
I wish there was a park like this
in every town.
Some things are worth fighting for.
-Is that so?
-Yes!
Are any of you musicians?
I learned the sitar.
Nice. Let me show you something.
This beautiful pergola was a bandstand.
Music played there and people danced here.
This tradition started in 1914,
and in 1964, it's still alive.
Can you guess who performed here last?
-Elvis Presley?
-No!
-Mohammed Rafi?
-No.
Go on, tell us!
The Archies.
Who are The Archies?
No idea.
I've never heard of The Archies.
Five years ago had you heard
of the Beatles?
No, right?
Mark my words.
The Archies are going to change the world.
Then you can all proudly say,
you met the lead singer. Me!
Is he the singer?
-You are a singer?
-Yes, I am.
This special tour was designed
for you by Fred Andrews
-of Andrews Tours and Travels.
-Thank you.
Please enjoy Green Park.
Thank you.
Stop it, Betty!
And tell that jukebox to stop.
No! I love it.
This is my story, listen up
In my words, listen up
The humming you hear
Is the tune of the youth, listen up
This is my story, listen up
You can't ignore me, listen up
All my impossible dreams
Are right before me, you know
In ever-changing waves
This life flows, listen up…
Aw, they're all here to welcome us.
Of course!
You have to sing for your supper.
-Smithers!
-Miss Lodge.
Are we all set for the party?
-Absolutely!
-Thank you.
We can have anything we want
We can pluck the stars, if we want
We can grow flowers from rocks, if we want
Aha!
Listen up!
I feel like a new guy, my love
Sunny swingin' blue skies above
This is my story, you know
Hear my story, listen up
Why does life feel to us
As beautiful as it does?
Listen up!
Why is finding happiness
So easy for us?
Listen up!
In ever-changing waves
This life flows, listen up
It keeps telling us
To feel the rhythm, listen up
-Thank you.
-See you.
Listen up!
You say I'm young
And I've got nowhere to be
I say there's so much I can do
Tradin' my shoes in
For wheels under my feet
I'm rockin' and rollin' past you
Listen up!
You returned at the right time, Mr. Lodge.
Riverdale needs you.
And the Council has accepted
your proposal.
-I told you it would work.
-That you did!
They have no objection to the plaza
coming up in the square.
Excellent.
Mr. Lodge,
these shops are private properties.
But if the owners are ready to sell,
then it's fine.
Everything has a price, Dawson.
Let's get to the point.
Have you moved on what we discussed?
Will the Council give us permission
to build a hotel or not?
Why wouldn't they? Of course they will.
Only the location needs approval.
I think…
it would be best here.
Well done, old chap!
Not a bad idea.
Mr. Dawson,
you don't want to come to a new place
and land up on the outskirts, now do you?
You want to be where the life is.
The food, the shops.
Wouldn't this be better?
But that's Green Park.
That's your spot! Right in the heart…
The hotel shouldn't be far
from the city center, Hiram.
My best business ideas
come from my American.
If we go for Green Park,
we'll cause a controversy.
So it's needless to say, Dawson,
my name can't be mentioned anywhere.
Once the Council permissions go through,
get tenders from a few companies.
But naturally, you will select…
Lodge Industries?
Good man!
We'll need five votes
to get the permission.
But I will try my best, Mr. Lodge.
-Try?
-Yes.
Trying won't get you anywhere, Dawson.
Now go get the votes.
If I was the District Corporator,
I'd do it easily.
So, what's stopping you
from standing for elections?
Elections take a lot of money.
You do understand, Mr. Lodge?
Well done, Dawson!
I'm impressed.
Now help me help you.
I want a hotel in Green Park.
But first a plaza in the town square.
Mango milkshake.
Who's the best doggie in the world?
Hamburger.
Hot Dog, do you find Moosey handsome?
Hotdog can't talk.
Is that so, Hotdog?
Put that burger down, Jones!
Cut it from my tips, Pops.
Your tab exceeds your tips.
There's nothing to cut.
It's okay. I don't mind sharing.
You should mind, Ethel.
His only love is food.
He's oblivious to your feelings.
What is "oblivious"?
You don't know what "oblivious"
means, Moose?
You've lived about 25 percent
of your life already,
but what have you learned?
Nothing!
Moose!
Aunty Hermione!
Look who's here.
Betty! Baby, how lovely to see you.
-These are for you.
-Aw.
-Put these in my bedroom, please.
-Sure.
You all set for the party tonight?
Still haven't worked out
your evening wear?
"Darlings."
I can't believe you could stick
eyelashes on. This is so mod.
You keep it. I'll tell Dad to buy me more.
No, two presents are enough!
What happened to
"What's mine is yours", Betts?
We still share everything, I hope?
For always and ever.
Okay. Now tell me.
This one? Or this one?
That's really cute,
and that's really short!
It's called a mini.
It's all the rage in London.
Don't forget you're not in London,
you're in Riverdale.
And Riverdale should not forget
that Veronica is back!
I've missed you.
So, tell me, how's Archie?
Since I left…
has he seen anyone else?
He's dated everyone, but no one.
I thought you didn't care.
I don't. I just want to know the latest.
The latest is that we all have
part-time jobs now.
Jobs? Why?
You're so cute.
But I'm not in the mood for cute.
-Look into the lens.
-Looking.
-Hurry up, Doiley.
-Okay!
Got it.
Look at all this stuff!
Ronnie throws the best parties.
You know, Dad asked if there'd be
any adults at the party.
I went "Dad, please. We're 17 now!"
My Mom is the same. "Say no to booze!"
Tell Aunty Jeannie,
if you're already talking to a bottle,
it's too late!
-So funny.
-Thank you, Dilly.
Reggie doesn't crack jokes for free.
Go, get me a raspberry soda.
-Okay. Do you want anything?
-No.
Stop treating Dilly like your Man Friday.
-I'm talking to you.
-Va!
Look who's back.
Welcome back, Veronica.
Hi, Ronnie.
You mean Va Va Voom?
-Hi!
-Oh, hello.
-Hello, Moosey.
-Hi, Ronnie!
Hello, Sughead.
My name is "Jughead".
What's the "S" for?
-Sandwich.
-Why?
Where are we going?
He's still scared of you.
Hello.
Hello!
When did you get so handsome?
Thank you.
-You look good too, Arch.
-Thank you.
I have something for you.
Ronnie, what!
Fresh off the press!
Happy birthday to me!
You know how to dance?
I learned after you left.
And I, before you left.
Uno, dos
One, two, tres, quatro
Hey, wooly bully!
Watch it, watch it
Hey, y'all, hey, y'all
Watch it!
Now he'll get ya
Matty told Hatty
About a thing she saw
Had two big horns
And a wooly jaw
Wooly bully
Wooly bully, wooly bully
Hatty told Matty
"Let's don't take no chance
"Let's not be L-seven
"Come and learn to dance"
Wooly bully
Wooly bully, wooly bully, wooly bully
Watch it!
Matty told Hatty
"That's the thing to do
"Get you someone really
"To pull the wool with you."
Wooly bully
Wooly bully, wooly bully, wooly bully
Watch it! Watch it!
Here he comes…
-Good night! See you tomorrow.
-Bye.
Ride safe, please.
Yes, aunty Betty.
Listen, you guys. Go ahead.
Why? What is it?
I forgot my record. You guys carry on.
-We can wait.
-No, I'll walk.
Bye.
Okay.
You forgot your record.
What an old trick!
The gift is dynamite!
What can I give you in return?
-Dinner? The CC.
-CC?
Okay, let me go sell my guitar.
If it's a problem, Reggie can take me.
He sold his guitar before I left.
Don't worry. Daddy is a member.
No, I'll pay.
Andrews!
Forgot the way home?
No, sir.
Then remove yourself
from my property this instant.
Daddy, stop being mean
to Archie all the time.
Everyone's entitled to a hobby.
Now! Andrews.
On second thoughts,
let your Dad pay the bill.
Good night.
End of June
All the days blow past the moon
You can mark 'em with a notch
In the trees
It's a cliché. But I'll tell you anyway
I'm just hoping that you'll say
That you love me
"Riverdale Town Council
Greenlights Redevelopment."
Take it easy, Fred!
It's probably why that bugger Lodge
came back.
Must be wanting to build plazas
everywhere.
So, good. We need more things.
We need air to breathe,
food to eat and someone to love.
We don't need "things".
Or how'd Riverdale be any different
from any other town?
"Hoga," Fred. The word is "hoga."
Trying to teach your father
how to suck eggs, huh?
Yes, I am.
-Archie!
-Yeah?
-What is this?
-Mom, why are you going through my stuff?
Because I gave birth to you,
and you're still wet behind the ears.
You applied to a college in England?
Uncle Ben said if I want to live there,
it's better if I studied there as well.
You spoke to my brother first?
You really want to leave Riverdale?
I mean London is the world's
coolest city, Dad.
Really?
Yes! And I'm lucky I can go there easily,
because grandpa was British.
What will I do living here?
Either work in your travel agency,
or in the railways.
Imagine if Cliff Richard
had not left Lucknow.
Trust me, parents.
Everything is possible there.
I can make music that'll reach people.
Music that will really…
To make art you have to go in,
my son, not out.
"We know what we are,
but know not what we may be."
William Shakespeare said that.
Nothing changes if nothing changes.
Dilly, I don't like riddles.
-It's not a riddle, it's a quote.
-Quote?
But if you change the way
you look at life,
the life you look at will change!
Wonderful! Too good!
Thank you.
What Mr. Weatherbee is saying is that
change is inevitable.
Excuse me, Miss Grundy.
Yes, Mantle.
If change is inevitable,
then how come I didn't get mine back
from Jughead yesterday?
Because I ate it!
Jughead for Principal!
Very clever!
Okay! You kids have a bright future ahead.
-Juggy, do you know about "UGAJ"?
-What's that?
It's a group in school:
"United Girls Against Jughead."
What did I do?
I didn't join.
-Please join.
-Ha-ha, very funny.
How can they build a hotel here?
Green Park will be gone?
Thank you.
Not the time to get emotional.
I need you both.
Tell me.
You'll be on my side?
If you run in the Corporator elections,
of course, you'll have our vote.
Give!
When I win,
I'll make you Council Head,
and you Council Secretary. I promise.
And Gomes? He's your secretary now.
True fact.
But he has shown loyalty
only to Riverdale.
He'll go straight and knock on
the Gazette's door.
Knock-knock.
Who's there?
-Who!
-Who, who?
What future will you have,
cracking stupid jokes, Reginald Mantle?
Making people laugh is an art, Dad.
I think there's a real profession
in comedy.
A profession is a doctor, a lawyer,
an engineer, a journalist!
Your grandfather didn't leave us
this newspaper to print a jokes column.
When the British were ruling India,
all the newspapers could only carry
their propaganda.
No criticism was allowed.
Despite that,
your grandfather printed messages
for the freedom movement. In here.
Did you know that?
What he did then, we must do today.
We have a social responsibility.
Isn't that something I've taught you?
So stop your clowning.
And if you want to write,
write something meaningful.
You can go.
And as Giraffe gazed at the stars,
she said: "Drift me down into slumber.
For when I'm the tallest,
I'm hoping to forget them.
No matter how small-ish!"
-Once more!
-Again.
Again?
-Yes, again.
-Once more, Uncle Hal.
-Bye!
-Let's go.
Bye!
Hal.
Johnny, you're right on time!
-Tea?
-No, thanks.
I came to pick up Marge.
So I thought I'd have a word.
All okay?
I… I had an offer for this shop.
It's a very good one, actually.
I thought you're my best tenant,
so I should ask you,
if you could match it or not.
What's the offer?
Double.
Double? How can I manage that, Johnny?
I sell books.
All right. Let me talk to Alice.
I'll ring you.
What are we going to do, Dad?
"You cannot swim for new horizons
until you have the courage
to lose sight of the shore."
William Faulkner.
Dad.
Don't worry, Betts. We'll find a solution.
But you tell me first,
whose birthday is it in eight hours?
What are you kids planning?
Nothing. They forgot.
I remembered.
Yes, Ben, but I need a ballpark figure.
How much is the yearly fee and housing?
How do I look?
Just like you did an hour ago.
Don't be grumpy, Mary.
I'm trying to think
how to fund your education.
Uncle Ben said he'll take care of it.
Your education is my problem.
I will take care of it.
I don't want to be a problem.
Too late for that.
Bye.
I just got back and you're off to London.
Let's see. I've only just applied.
You'll get in.
I'm sorry, but you have to
wear shoes to enter.
Shoes are the shackles
of our civilization, sir.
And this is the protocol of our CC.
Only brogues or loafers.
But I am a loafer.
May I use your phone, please?
Hello. Hi, Katy. Can I speak to Daddy?
-Who's Katy?
-My father's P.A.
You have to go through a P.A.
to talk to your Dad?
He's a busy man.
Hello. Hi, Daddy.
Can you speak to this chappy at the CC?
He's not letting Archie in.
Mr. Lodge for you.
Please follow me.
Betty, get the door.
Hotdog?
Surprise!
-Surprise!
-The party's here!
-Happy birthday!
-Thank you.
-Happy birthday, Betts.
-This is Rita.
-Hi, Rita.
-Happy birthday!
Thank you.
Where are Ronnie and Arch?
Alice, come. Midge has got a cake.
I'll have the trout with
the glazed potatoes.
Very good, ma'am.
And for you, sir?
Does this lamb cure asthma?
I don't think so, sir.
Why does it cost so much?
Sorry.
-Just get him the lamb. Thank you.
-Yes, ma'am.
So, Archiekins? What you been up to?
Where do I start?
Two years ago. When our story stopped.
I missed you a lot.
Details, Archiekins!
When you were gone
Everything was the same
Yet life seemed so empty
I was happy where I was
But I kept missing you
Sometimes in a dream
I would see you
Dreams only show you
The people who live
Deep in your heart
Don't you know that the flick in her eyes
Is to trick every guy in the queue
Don't you know that he's just a flirt
With a smile like dessert made for you?
How did the days go by without me?
I counted the days that would pass me by
That's how the days went by without you
He's only playing
She's only playing with you
I was away for many a day
But came right back to stay
Now you are here and so am I
Shall we sail on the wind and fly away?
Don't you know that a touch on your arm
Is just part of the charm that she'll use?
Don't you know that right from the start
It was all just a part of his ruse?
With you by my side
What woes could I have?
With you by my side, what could I lack?
Is this why the spring is back?
He's only playing
She's only playing with you
He's only playing with you
He's only playing
She's only playing with you
That was nice.
I always have fun with you.
Me too. I always have fun with me.
So… what happens next?
-Next?
-Yeah. You and me. Like old times.
Or you and me like this? New times.
"To my Elizabeth…"
Mom!
Do you know what time it is?
-I'm hungry.
-Why? I heard you had dinner with Ronnie.
You've been to CC?
Everything is this "wee-wee".
I have to get up early.
No, you don't. It's the weekend.
It's Saturday tomorrow.
Please.
"Betty bought some butter,
but the butter was bitter…"
Shut up!
No one makes scrambled eggs like you.
And no one can butter me up like you.
Oh! Really?
So? You're back with Ronnie?
No. That's old times.
Take this to my room. I need to clean up.
-Quietly.
-Sorry. Thank you.
"Happy birthday, Betty.
Please return what you don't eat."
That's from Jughead.
I saved this for you.
I'm so sorry, Betty.
I forgot it was your birthday.
I have no excuse.
-It's okay.
-No, it's not!
Please get angry.
Throw that cake at my face.
I'd rather you eat it.
Me too.
Okay, listen. Tomorrow evening.
Only you and me.
In our favorite place. Green Park.
For a date?
Yes, you and me. Good times.
It's so cute!
For always and ever.
Thank you. I love it.
About last night, I'm sorry.
You should be! You forgot me.
-No! Don't say that.
-So what should I say?
Just forgive me, please!
Okay. Fine.
She gave you this expensive necklace
because she forgot your birthday.
Don't be mean. Ronnie isn't like that.
And Archie?
-He's taking me out.
-He takes every girl out, Betts.
He'll change.
Look.
Archie and a dog's tail
will never straighten.
What did Ronnie say?
I haven't told her.
Forget Archie for a minute.
Just look at him! It's Shammi Kapoor!
Pam ma'am, are you selling the shop?
Over my dead body.
You know there's a new salon
opening across the road?
I know, I know!
Everyone is talking about it.
My friend Asha told me
they've all kinds of fancy equipment.
I don't need fancy equipment, darling.
I have Ethel.
Pam's salon, Suzie's flower shop,
Hal's book shop.
Send them the offers on behalf
of Lodge Industries.
The plaza's construction
cannot be delayed.
Got it, Gomes? Okay.
Is that all for today?
Yes, Mrs. Otter. That is all for the day.
Next session we vote
on the location of the hotel.
I had an idea.
What if we build this grand hotel
in the center of the town?
-Center?
-Yes.
You mean the square?
No. I mean the park.
-Green Park?
-Yes!
Imagine, Mrs. Misquitta,
how many tourists we'd attract.
How many new opportunities!
-It could change everything.
-Yes!
Over my dead body, Roger.
Has that wig eaten your brain?
That is our community park, Mr. Dawson.
You've had a very bad idea.
Okay. Enjoy the biscuits!
Oh, I will.
This is Mrs. Misquitta.
She's Mrs. Otter's sidekick.
This is Mrs. Otter.
She's a widow?
Yes. She's the sole bread-earner
in her family.
Doesn't her son work?
How wonderful!
Oh, my! Elizabeth Cooper.
-That's Archie.
-I'll get it.
Elizabeth, you know you share your name
with the Queen?
Yes, Ma.
So, your behavior should be like royalty.
Listen to me now, Betty.
That tingly feeling you get
when you like a boy?
That is common sense leaving your body.
Do not follow that feeling!
No giggling! Elizabeth!
Va Va Voom! Betts! Happy Birthday!
Arch!
-This is for me?
-No.
Of course, it's for you, who else?
But it must've been expensive, no?
Yeah! I saved my pocket money.
Come, let's go!
You look really nice, by the way.
Mid-July, I wished upon a firefly
I think my heart will burst
Through the seams
My, oh, my! Now I'm rollin' with the guy
I've been picturing all night in my dreams
Oh! I've been picturing all night…
…in my dreams
I'll really miss this park.
I'm sure you'll find another tree,
monkey boy.
London must have parks too.
But nothing like our Green Park.
Our trees won't be there.
And my Betty Cooper won't be there.
What?
Some moments are so special that
you know when they're over
your heart will break.
Hearts don't break, Betts.
They just fracture.
Time heals everything.
Bet you're thinking what
a great philosopher I am.
I'm thinking what a great idiot you are.
Where you going?
Where do you think?
I had the best birthday.
You deserve it. You're the best girl.
-Good night.
You kissed Betty?
Like kissed-kissed?
-With tongue?
-Jughead.
Yes, it was a French kiss.
But you were with Ronnie the night before.
-I thought you liked her.
-I do.
Ronnie is amazing
but Betty is first-class too.
And Cheryl, Deena, Angie, Monica.
Forgotten them?
You've kissed them all in French?
What can I do if they like me?
Arch! Betty and Ronnie are best friends.
One day they'll talk,
then what'll become of you, Andrews?
-You cannot two-time them.
-I'm not two-timing.
I really love both of them.
God! This is not gonna end well.
He dates one. Then the other
He spins many a yarn
He cheats this one
Then the other
Now we'll set him straight!
He better watch his back all right
We'll rejoice in taking revenge
For every betrayal
He better watch his back all right
'Cause he's got the bark
But we've got the bite
Now he'll know his crimes
Now he'll toe the line
His flirting days are over
He'll be walking the straight and narrow
Now he'll keep his promises
He better watch his back all right
Come what may, we won't spare him
'Cause he's got the bark
But we've got the bite
He better watch his back all right
We'll rejoice in taking revenge
For every betrayal
He better watch his back all right
'Cause he's got the bark
But we've got the bite
He's got the bark
But we've got the bite!
Go, Ronnie! Go, Betty!
Andrews! Just trust me.
Don't do this, please.
If they find out,
they'll get together and murder you.
-What do you want me to do?
-Just back off now!
If you die, I'll be forced to make Moose
my best friend.
Can't stop talking to them.
They're my friends.
Then act like a friend.
Focus on some other girl.
Someone with no complications.
Forget about Betty and Ronnie.
-Best.
Whoa, Cheryl!
You were groovy, Cheryl.
-What!
-Why waste time?
Three cheers for Cheryl!
Cherry Blossom!
-What the hell!
-Cherry Blossom!
Cherry Blossom!
-I warned you. A dog's tail!
-Cherry Blossom!
Cherry Blossom!
Hi.
You're Ethel, right?
Want to come in and take a look?
Come on.
Oh, shoot!
Welcome to Cuts and Curls!
Everyone says you are Riverdale's
upcoming hairdresser.
I've learnt from the best.
How nice!
Respecting your teachers is a good thing.
Want a drink?
No, thank you.
So I'll come straight to the point.
Would you like to work for me?
-I'm already employed at Pam's salon--
-I know.
And I also know your salary there.
Work with me and I'll double it.
You have the right to get ahead in life.
The world is modernizing, Ethel.
Don't get left behind.
Guys! Is it just me?
Or has Reggie been looking great?
It's you.
Hi.
Reg.
Who are you taking to the Founders' Ball?
I promised Lynn that I'd take her.
Promises are meant to be broken, Mantle.
Poor Lynn.
-She asked Reggie?
-Good.
You focus on Cherry Blossom.
I told you. Girls have powers.
-She heard me.
-Shut up.
Hi.
Hello. I thought I'd find you here.
What a memory!
So, Saturday? Founders' Ball?
Make new memories?
You got it.
She asked you out. Very good.
Va Va Voom!
Guys, just shut up!
What's wrong with you, Archie Andrews?
Nothing, Ethel Muggs. I'm single.
No, you're just a philanderer!
Who's "Phil Anderson"?
-Good morning, students.
-Good morning, Teacher.
Betty can't go alone. She needs a date.
I'm going with my Mom.
No. Aunty Jeannie will go with your Dad.
-And you'll go with Betty.
-Don't bully him.
I'm not bullying him.
Dilly, am I bullying you?
Wouldn't it be more fun going
with Betty, Reggie, and me?
Reggie?
Betty, I'd love to go with you.
Good. All done!
What's that?
Inventing something new?
It was invented years ago.
I'm trying to make one at home.
What is it? A fridge?
Ronnie, don't be ridiculous!
When did you last enter a kitchen?
That's a lovely picture of your grandma.
What! That's Hedy Lamarr.
She invented frequency hopping.
The technology was used a lot
in World War II.
Hedy Lamarr? Isn't she an actress?
Why can't a person be both?
You're so smart, Dilly.
-Thank you!
Thank you!
Here you are, Jughead.
World's best biscuits, Uncle Benny.
I'll make a box for you.
You've been my best client.
"Been?" I still am.
The City Council is not renewing
my licence.
They have new plans for the park.
-Who told you that?
-No one has said it straight.
But I have ears and eyes.
I can see.
These guys were at Pop's café too.
-The elevation over there…
-Yeah.
Redevelopment?
Green Park?
Uncle Benny told me. The Town Council
isn't renewing his licence.
Uncle Benny from the snack shop?
He's your source?
I saw it with my own eyes, Dad.
Some city men were surveying the place.
-There's definitely a plan.
-What are you talking about, Reg?
Our community's roots are in Green Park.
The Council will never allow it.
They'll never pass it.
Find facts, son. Not conspiracy theories.
Yeah, you're right, Ricky.
Play on, Dennis.
Kevin never mentioned you.
That is one of the things I respected
most about your husband, Mrs. Otter.
He never name-dropped.
He would personally make my drink
every evening
and with that whisky,
we'd share the same cigarette.
-It was our ritual.
-My Kevin didn't smoke.
He knew how much you hated it,
and didn't want to bother you.
Well, he did die of cancer and that…
has been a bit of a bother.
I know.
And that is precisely
why I've called you here.
Kevin was not just a bartender here,
he was my friend.
It is my responsibility to make sure that
his son is well settled.
My son!
He's failed twice.
That Laurie is a duffer.
Don't worry about that, Mrs. Otter.
Because I've heard the Town Council is
considering giving approval for a hotel
to be built in Green Park.
Can you believe that?
-I'm not so sure--
-If that happens,
I'm going to be investing in it.
And maybe I could offer Laurie
a managerial position.
He could work at the hotel.
I mean if he has half of Kevin's looks,
and a quarter of your charm,
he would be perfect
in the service industry.
The Council will vote after
the Founder's Ball.
So fingers crossed.
We must get a picture.
Ronnie, I think we should
take a photo together.
Absolutely not!
Why?
Then everyone will know
that I came with you.
But you are coming with me!
Yes, but there's no need for proof.
Smile!
Lonely July
The skies are gray…
Bobby is with someone else.
Sorry.
These are some days
I could erase from my mind
But then my life plays
Funny games all the time…
Can we stop inviting him?
Come.
Hey, guys! No one told me
it's a fancy-dress competition.
The first prize goes to the chicken.
Reggie!
-Hey, pip-squeak! Move.
-Don't push.
Hey, man. Anybody home?
Easy. It was just a joke.
Joke about Dilly and I'll pop your head
like a champagne bottle!
Boys! The party hasn't even started
and you little pissers are
at each other's throats.
Off!
Wear whatever you want to. Okay? Come on.
Very nice.
Should we dance?
Not to this.
Look into the camera.
I'll just be back.
What the hell?
Hi!
Wait! Betts!
Why? Did Miss Blossom ditch you?
This may be my last Founders' Ball.
I want us all to enjoy it together.
Last? Meaning? Aren't you
coming back from England?
I've written a song for you.
I'm going to play it tonight.
I don't know what to say.
Then don't say… just dance.
If you're desperately chasing Betty,
why did you invite me?
Actually, you invited me.
How rude!
And I'll have you know
I just wanted to make Daryl jealous.
So…
Daryl is a lucky guy.
-Go find your friends.
-I will.
Nice.
Nice dress.
Can't say the same for your drapery.
Ronnie, can I talk to you?
Why? Are cherries out of season?
That's funny!
But personally, I think every season
is Ronnie season.
Flattery will get you nowhere.
But keep trying, because I like it.
Okay. I've written a song for you.
Now forgive me.
Let's hear it first. See if it's any good.
But then my life plays funny games
All the time
Lonely July
-Michael, you're the best.
-Beautiful, Michael!
You're amazing!
Love you! And you!
And me!
The next number is…
"Va Va Voom!"
-I didn't write that.
-I know.
Good evening, everyone.
On a night dedicated to
Sir John Riverdale,
I'm going to perform a song
I wrote for a really special girl
in my life.
So let's hear it for our Founders
and let's move it for The Archies!
Can we clear the stage, please?
On your mark, get set!
One, two, three, go!
Va Va Voom!
Va Va Va Voom!
When I see her my heart flies away
Va Va Voom!
Va Va Va Voom!
Get what I'm trying to say?
When my eyes fell on her lovely face
No one in this world has her grace
Why? Why do I feel this way?
It beats me till today
How cross she gets, how she smiles
Her every mood is unique
She loses her cool like a short fuse
Her smile lights up the world
Her looking up, her looking down
Is like the rising and setting sun
This heart of mine, this breath of mine
They all belong to her
Va Va Voom!
Va Va Va Voom!
There isn't another like her
Va Va Voom! Va Va Va Voom!
Guess what? She's right here
Do I call her friend? Or girlfriend?
Or do I just follow the going trend?
Should I tell her or seal my lips?
It beats me till today
Haven't seen a girl like her
She has such a cool style
I tell her everything
She's the love of my life
Telling her what's in my heart
Makes me lost for words
All that comes to my lips is…
You're just so Va Va Voom!
You're just simply Va Va Voom!
You are just so
Va Va Voom!
We went through our books, Johnny.
We can't pay double the rent.
Suzie has the same problem.
She's giving up the flower shop.
Why are you feeling guilty, you bugger?
You do what you need to.
Even Marge said the same thing.
"Let's sell up and move to Sydney."
Her brother's there, no?
Sell up?
-You're selling the shops?
-Hiram Lodge.
The offer changed from big to buying.
Uncle Hiram is buying this shop?
He wants the whole street.
He'll demolish everything
and make a big plaza.
Please don't sell it.
Betty.
Can you vacate by the end of the week?
Fifth September
And I'd rather not remember
I can feel myself beginning to shrink
Yesterday feels a million miles away…
You go on ahead. I need more time here.
-Why?
-I have to work till dinnertime.
Shoot!
Did you talk to Ronnie?
-Your client is waiting, missy.
-I'm coming.
"Client is waiting, missy!"
Andrews. It's from England.
Mom!
These are tough times.
God knows how long this café will last.
I'm going nowhere, Pops.
I'll work here no matter
how much I'm offered.
Excuse me.
Everyone has the right
to move ahead in life.
Morning, gang!
Guess who got into Batterton College?
-What?
-Hey! Congratulations!
Well done, Andrews.
-Congratulations!
-Thank you. Thank you.
-Hi. Hi! Congratulations!
-Thank you.
Betty, you can't be looking so upset.
This is great for Archie.
Archie isn't why I'm upset.
Dad's bookstore is going to be shut down.
What? Why?
Because your Dad has decided to buy
all the shops in the town square,
and replace them with a big plaza.
-It's not Ronnie's fault.
-When did I say it was?
Betty, I had no idea.
I'm so sorry you're so upset.
He's going to lose his job
because of your father.
Hey, that's not fair.
Come on, Betts.
What? It's true.
Betty, my father was also
just doing his job.
He always says you can't mix feelings
with business,
because it's not personal.
He doesn't know the meaning of personal.
So what else would he say?
Excuse me?
My father is not just selling books,
he's shaping the thinking
and personalities of children.
He actually cares about them.
Even you must go through his secretary
to talk to your father.
What just happened?
I don't know.
Why is she behaving like this?
She's upset, and why wouldn't she be?
Everything isn't about profit.
For some people there's more to life.
Go get stuffed, Jughead!
My father is a businessman and I'm not
going to feel guilty about that.
And I'm not going to be apologetic
for my ambition.
Easy, guys. Relax.
It's all okay.
Really? It's all okay?
If it's all okay,
why are you leaving Riverdale?
Welcome to adulthood!
Is Daddy in a meeting?
He'll be free by 8:00 this evening.
Mr. Lodge's office.
Finally, you've given me a card.
Hi, Ronnie.
Are you free to talk or do I need
an appointment for you as well?
I always have time for melodrama.
-Excuse me, ladies. I'll just be a moment.
-Yes, sure.
Stop looking at my cards.
Ronnie, honey. What's going on?
Betty's father was evicted
from his bookshop.
Sad!
I like the Coopers.
Their landlord is selling the property
to Daddy.
Darling, in all fairness,
it's the landlord's decision.
But, Uncle Hal has lost his livelihood.
Cooper is a good man.
He'll find another job.
-How do you know?
-Because I'll make sure of it.
Now we commence the voting for permission
to build a grand hotel
on the land which is now Green Park.
I vote Yea.
Yea.
Nay.
I say Yea.
I say Nay.
I'm also a Nay.
I say Yea.
Mrs. Misquitta?
Up to you now.
I vote Yea.
What?
You can't do this to Green Park.
Five votes in favor of the hotel.
Gomes, you can inform the Gazette
that we're accepting tenders.
The hotel goes through!
What's going on?
Tell her, Hal.
You know the new bookstore?
I've been offered
the assistant manager's post.
I start tomorrow!
Can you believe it?
Tell her what your salary is.
Don't show off, Alice.
Bless that Hiram Lodge.
He personally recommended me, Betts.
What's wrong, baby?
Have you come bearing gifts?
Chocolate fudge. Your favorite.
-What's the best thing about cake?
-What?
You can eat it at any time.
You should've seen my Dad's face.
He was so relieved.
What you did for my Dad,
despite my behavior.
I don't know how to thank you.
You could try!
-Now tell me how much you missed me.
-Lots.
Let's not forget our school motto.
"There is no excellence without labor."
And now to conclude this assembly…
an announcement.
From next month, Pop Tates will not
run our school canteen.
What?
The school will introduce pre-packed
lunchboxes from Chaplin & Company.
Thank you.
In London we had pre-packed meals.
Ronnie says this is normal practice
in London.
So? If it happens abroad,
it means it's okay?
That's not what I meant.
Mr. Chaplin doesn't care
about what we eat.
-You don't know that.
-It's Pop Tates, Archie!
Pop makes my burgers with extra cheese.
No tomatoes for Betty,
no mustard for Moose.
He has the personal touch.
Pop Tates's café isn't closing down,
Jughead.
The school is growing.
How the funds are used,
the board will have to take
hard decisions.
At the cost of what, Miss Grundy?
Let's discuss that today.
My Dad wrote an article.
He says all this redevelopment is
in the interest of a few corporations.
What does that mean?
Don't take it personally.
This discussion is about
corporate interest vs. public interest.
What do you think, Archie?
To be honest, Miss Grundy,
I don't really think about these things.
Wait! So, you don't think about your life?
I get a huge kick out of life.
I just don't think about politics.
What have they got to do with my life?
In every fold of life, there's politics
Dawn to dusk
Day to night, there's politics
The teachers in your class
The lessons they impart…
No, Reggie.
Tell me who decides what those should be
Should co-ed schools be allowed?
Can girls wear miniskirts and gad about?
What's loose? What's tight?
What's wrong? What's right?
Tell me who do you think decides?
Archie! Archie!
You can't just live your life for kicks
Everything is politics
Are sports important?
Or unimportant?
By any chance, is music and dance
As important as physics or chemistry?
Why do I get a driving licence
Only when I'm 18?
Why are we caged in childhood
Till we're 17?
All this discipline
Without rhyme or reason
Tell me who do you think decides?
Archie! Archie!
You can't just live your life for kicks
Everything is politics
Now I realize
Now I get it
Everything has a hidden meaning
I get the history of this mystery
Archie! Archie!
I can't just live my life for kicks
Everything is politics
Archie! Archie!
I can't just live my life for kicks
Everything. Everything
Everything is politics! Hey, hey!
"The Viking Symbol Mystery."
-When did he read it?
-I don't know.
Sam just shoots his mouth off!
-Hardy Boys fans, huh?
-Yeah.
Then read this too.
Anglo chap. Remember his name.
Ruskin Bond.
-Excuse me?
-Yeah?
-Can I have a word with you?
-Sure.
That bookstore in the town square?
That was mine.
-Oh, really?
-Hal's.
I organized a children's hour every week.
That's actually a great idea.
What did you charge?
Nada! All free. Just to instill
a love for books, that's all.
See, Hal, we want to attract the kind
of customers who'll buy books.
There's no profit for us
if they come to be entertained.
We've got monthly targets
to achieve, right?
Yeah? Let me know if there's
anything else though.
Mary…
-How lovely, Alice.
-Thank you.
That looks excellent!
-See you later.
-Bye!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Hi, Ethel.
I hope you're coming tonight.
Of course, Aunty.
As soon as I get off work.
Great.
Oh, dear. I've forgotten my wallet.
-No credit.
-I'm so sorry.
-I was in such a rush…
-Don't worry. Pay tomorrow.
Thank you.
Never interfere between
the clients and me.
Interfere? That's Aunty Mary.
Aunty? So what? Must I change the rules?
Your double salary comes from me.
Now go get the money from her.
What are you looking at, stupid?
Don't you get it?
Please don't talk to me like that.
No amount of money will get me
being mean to my friend's mother.
Excuse me.
Yes? Can I help you?
Can I please have my job back?
I made a mistake.
Can you forgive me?
Come.
Twenty years!
And I still carry her picture.
You always were a tight arse, Fred.
In my wallet.
We believe you.
When times get rough, I take it out
and I remind myself
that I can survive anything,
if I've survived being married to Mary!
-Very funny, Fred.
-Cheers!
Give her a kiss!
The kids always get in the way.
Let's organize something
for Archie's farewell?
Should I ask Daddy for the Lake House?
Yes!
Look who's first in line.
He loves strawberry shortcake.
-You make him so nervous.
-Good.
I quit the salon
and went back to Pam ma'am.
Good girl.
I'm not your dog, Juggy.
My heart beats boom-boom for you…
-Come on.
-Not me. You go.
You make me feel like Sunday on a Saturday
My heart bells ring ding-dong for you
You make me smile like I am on a holiday
My blue guitar goes ting-ting
For you, my love
I may not be Sinatra, I'll sing it anyway
O Ruby, if life were plum pudding
You'd be the sugar and spice
O Michael, if life were plum pudding
You'd be the sweetest surprise…
Well played, boy!
I tom-tom my love for you
You can ring my phone tring-tring
I'm just a call away
Darling, stop playing ping-pong
With my heart
I may not be Sinatra, I'll sing it anyway
O Ruby, if life were plum pudding…
I wish I had two hearts.
I wish you had one brain.
It's true. Can't understand
how one can love only one person.
Perfect topic for your parents'
20th anniversary.
I'm serious, Juggy.
One should not have to control
how much love one gives.
And besides, how can you find
everything in one person?
Imagine if you had to choose between
Paul McCartney and John Lennon.
It's like choosing between rock n' roll…
I feel the same way…
about cakes and shakes.
Shut up!
Where you going?
-O Ruby, you are my plum pudding
-My plum pudding
No one is sweeter, my love
-O Michael, you are my plum pudding
-My plum pudding
Sweeter than sugar, my love
Sweeter than sugar
My love
-Happy anniversary!
-Thank you, Juggy.
You stay away from my wife!
I'll give you a pasting.
-Want a black eye?
-Hal, calm down!
-Hal!
-You won't be able to read!
I'm fine. I'm fine.
What?
Green Park will be converted into a hotel?
Yes.
The Gazette has to put out
a call for tenders.
How will they do that?
They'll reserve a section for residents.
Riverdale's residents? Or the hotel's?
You were right, Reg.
Well, let's look at the bright side.
We'll attract more tourists, so more jobs.
Not "hoinga", it's hoga.
Not "hoga", it's "hongey".
Bloody hell, I never get it right.
More tourists mean more business
for you, Fred.
Dad, Green Park--
Sorry, but not everything
is about profit, Jones.
-Can't we all do something together?
-What can we do, Reg?
Some big people must be behind this.
People like us don't matter.
Uncle Ricky,
why don't you talk to the Council?
I tried.
Only Esther, Noorani, and Gomes
are against it.
Money makes the world go round, Mantle.
It's a really sad reality.
Yeah. But our bookshop was closed down.
You should also see
what we can get in return.
-In return for Green Park?
-Baby.
That's where we were the day
independence was declared.
These kids had just been born.
Their first steps in free India
were taken in Green Park.
How can you put a price to that, Alice?
I know. It is what it is, Fred.
Dad.
I want to interview the Council Head.
Go ahead. Do it.
I'm coming with you.
London, Paris, New York,
I've heard all these places
offer a grand hotel in the heart of town.
And I've heard,
they also have parks that are central.
You need glasses?
Why you need this park?
Everywhere you look, there is greenery.
Green Park is our history.
Those are our trees.
That's where we've grown up.
The hotel will keep a portion of it
as a private garden.
Everything won't be ripped out. I promise.
-What?
-Ripped out?
They plan to cut the trees?
See, the Town Council has passed it.
And it was the Riverdale folk
who elected this Council.
It was all democratic.
What if, after electing the Council,
the people don't agree with them?
Who are these people?
The Council's decision can be reversed.
-Really?
-Yes.
If there's a petition signed by more
than 50 percent of Riverdale's population.
-What are you talking, Gomes?
-And how many people would that be?
Four thousand five hundred
should be enough.
Our current population is 8,876.
And how much time do we have
for this petition?
Forty-five days
since the Council passed it.
-Forty-five days?
-The whole school will sign it.
It can only be signed over 18-year-olds.
Yes!
Because children don't count.
Thank you.
Wait. Our parents don't count,
we don't count.
Who counts in this town?
I don't know.
If we let Green Park get destroyed,
other parks will go too.
Trust me. Not a single tree
will be spared.
That won't happen.
We can organize a petition.
And so?
If half of Riverdale's residents sign,
they can't do anything.
-Is that the law?
-Yes.
I'm going to write an article
to inform the whole town.
You think we can reach 4,000 people
through your paper?
The Gazette goes to every home.
How do we collect the signatures?
The paper will only carry the article.
Yes, but at the end of it,
we add instructions.
"Dear Reader, if you wish to save
Green Park, write a note, sign it,
and post it to our address." Simple!
Doiley, you're a genius!
Thank you.
-Thank you.
-Thank you!
I'm glad Dilly isn't going with Archie
to London, otherwise we'd lose the park.
-Shut up, Jughead.
-It's true.
So, Archie? All set?
Yes, Uncle Ben, all set.
Splendid. I'm going to be at the airport
to pick you up.
Yeah, that'll be great. Thank you.
And your aunt,
she's redone the room for you.
Can I get you anything from here?
Yes, please. Some kulkuls.
Kulkuls, okay.
And some spicy salt fish pickle.
Spicy salt fish pickle.
Okay, I'll tell Mom.
Are you excited?
Yeah. I am excited.
Well, I'm glad to hear that.
There's nothing left for you
in Riverdale, Archie.
You come soon.
Your life is about to start.
Reginald Mantle.
-This is very, very good.
-So you'll print it?
Dennis, move the other articles.
Monday morning, front page.
My son has come of age.
Andrews!
It's done!
For a moment I thought he was
giving me a jokes column.
You wouldn't print it.
He's not very funny.
You know one day you'll both realize
the value of a comedian.
When will it be printed, Uncle?
Come back from your holiday,
then it'll be in the paper.
Welcome to the "I love Archie"
farewell weekend.
We have… T-shirts.
And some goggles.
Dilly, please remember,
camera always on the left profile
and at this height.
So we'll just have to find ways
for you to shoot yourself then.
I have!
Oh, you have a film camera
and you still don't know that
"The cinema is truth 24 times a second."
Godard said that.
How you look is not important,
what's important is how you feel.
Thank you.
Thank you!
They're waiting for me at the golf course.
This better be good, Dennis.
-Yeah!
-Here we go.
Hey, Reg, I jumped in first.
-The water looks cold.
-You can tell by looking at it? Wow!
Betty, just push him in.
-What?
-Best idea since sliced bread.
-Why are you guys after me?
-Because you're a scaredy-cat.
What? No.
Just come in, Reggie. It's lovely.
Truth or dare?
Say you're a scaredy cat or jump in!
Scaredy-cat. Scaredy-cat. Scaredy-cat.
I choose dare!
I dare you to give me a beat right now.
-Or kiss one of the girls.
-Excuse me?
That's not funny.
I don't have my drumsticks here.
Exactly!
Are you making that sound with your mouth?
-He's a musical genius.
-He's a weirdo.
Good save, Juggy.
Now, Dilly, your turn.
Truth.
Tell us one secret about you
that no one knows.
Or dare?
-Do 50 push-ups.
-Please! I don't want to see that.
Dilly, your dare is…
you throw your camera towards us,
and the girl who catches it, keeps it.
Come on, Dilly. Truth or dare?
-Truth.
-No, dare! I want that camera.
What?
No, Dilly, you love that camera.
Tell us a secret and keep that camera.
Why you thinking so much?
Everyone has secrets. Tell us.
Come on, Dilly.
What's wrong?
What happened?
What happened, Dilly? Are you okay?
What is it, Dilly?
It's just a stupid game.
You don't have to answer it.
No. I didn't mean to ruin everyone's mood.
Let's just go. I'm so sorry.
Don't be crazy. We're all friends here.
I know.
It's your party,
you can cry if you want to.
I'm sorry.
Are you awake?
My eyes are open, Reggie.
I wanted to say something.
You're not a scaredy-cat like me.
You are the bravest guy I know.
And… I know what you feel for me.
And I also know
how tough it must be for you
that I don't feel the same.
I just wanted to say that
I'm your friend.
And always will be.
And don't worry. I won't tell anyone.
It's your story to tell.
Okay?
Good night.
"Torn down in the name of development."
Where is Ricky Mantle?
Good morning.
It's a bit early to look this foxy.
I thought Reggie would be up before you.
He's losing his touch.
You weren't waiting for Reggie.
Really? Then who was I waiting for?
Was I right?
Come.
-Morning, Betts.
-What's so good about this morning?
Hi.
Betty just bit my head off.
What? Betty doesn't bite.
You must've done something to upset her.
All aboard, please. All aboard!
Yes, Smithers. We're sailing away soon.
Anchors aweigh, old chap.
Burning ochre is
The color of October
And I think I finally understand
Maybe now my heart will hush
I can let go of my crush
Because you will never take…
My hand
The Town Council does not want a dispute.
What dispute?
We're only informing people that
they have a choice.
I know, Reg, but…
You were the one who said
I must write something meaningful.
-You said it was good, Dad.
-And it is.
So then?
Then it turns out Hiram Lodge
is behind this hotel.
What?
The Gazette's largest advertising revenue
comes from Lodge Industries.
If I print your article,
the money will stop,
he will shut us down.
The publication closes.
-He said that?
-Yes, he did.
I have to look at the bigger picture, son.
What about the free press
grandpa fought for?
You got scared of Mr. Lodge.
Where's that social responsibility
you wanted to arouse in me?
See you, Uncle Ricky.
-Can we talk?
-Not now.
Is everything okay, Betts?
She's here.
Hi!
-So your Dad is building the hotel?
-What are you talking about?
-He's gonna destroy Green Park.
-No, he's not.
He stopped my article from going to press.
-He threatened my father.
-What?
Did you tell him
about the article, Ronnie?
No. I knew nothing about it.
How dare he accuse me!
Who else could've told your Dad?
He's on a call, darling.
Ronnie!
No, no, that sounds perfect.
In fact, I was thinking
we could announce it at Christmas.
I'm busy, darling.
Yes.
Look, I'm going to have to call you back.
-No school today?
-You threatened Uncle Ricky?
I did no such thing.
Then why didn't he print Reggie's article?
I merely expressed my point of view.
He did what he thought right.
Is it right to destroy the park
and make an ugly hotel instead?
Yes, because it'll help a lot of people.
It'll help you.
This is Green Park, Dad.
Do you care about anything besides money?
Excuse me, missy! Mind your step.
It's thanks to my money
that you travel the world,
do your shopping, throw your parties.
Have you any idea
what your watch costs? You brat!
Where do you think all this comes from?
For God's sake, Ronnie, grow up.
One day this will all belong to you.
Besides, this is business,
it's not personal.
My friends hate me because of you.
So I'm sorry, but it is personal.
Then get new friends.
Thank you for coming.
What do you want?
I want to say sorry.
-For what?
-Whatever I've done.
Why are you angry, Betts?
I'm not angry, I'm just sad.
Can you please tell me why?
You're my oldest friend, Betts.
It feels strange
when you don't talk to me.
Can you please tell me what's wrong?
Is it about Ronnie and me?
The connection between you
and Ronnie is special.
I shouldn't have come in between.
Ronnie can't have a special connection
with anyone.
-That's not true.
-I'm serious. She only loves herself.
Hey, enough!
I know she may be spoilt,
but she has a big heart.
No matter what Reggie says,
I don't believe it.
It's impossible that she knew.
-Really?
-Yes.
She thinks Green Park is as important
as we all do.
Remember? She had her
tenth birthday party here.
How could I forget? It was the first time
we went on that giant wheel.
And her favorite teacher? Mrs. Pearson.
She held her classes in this park.
-In the park?
-How can you forget?
Here's your passport.
Please be responsible with your money.
Yes, Dad. I'll get a part-time job too.
First pass the exam.
Did you ever think of leaving Riverdale?
I thought more of staying.
How come you and Uncle Ben
are so different?
Your grandfather always asked
the same question.
-"The" Richard Andrews?
-Yes.
The Richie!
How he loved this country.
He used to say,
"Every Englishman owes India."
And he meant it.
When the time came for him to return,
he stayed back, to give back.
-By starting a travel agency?
-Yes.
He made money off people
who were heading back,
and give it to those who had nothing.
Juggy's mom said Grandpa opened a school
for kids in her village.
Yes.
We still donate to that school.
Really? I didn't know that.
I was hoping you'd do the same after me.
But you think like your Uncle Ben. Right?
The grass is always greener
on the other side.
You happy you stayed?
This is our home, Archie.
We're a minority.
But this is our country.
If we had all left,
who would remember the Anglo-Indians?
It would be as though
we had never existed.
Pat the mud down, Archie.
Well done!
A chocolate milkshake, Pops.
Double scoop of vanilla.
With a cherry on top?
Dad…
I need to talk to you.
I don't want to go to London.
Why? What has happened?
There could be a way to save Green Park,
and I can't leave knowing
I could've done something.
Okay! But all arrangements have been made.
Can we rearrange it?
Please, Fred.
Today I realized,
the grass isn't greener on the other side.
The grass is greener where you water it.
Isn't that what you meant?
This is my home.
I can't leave.
Come, hear my story
Listen up
These are my words, listen up
The humming you hear
Is the tune of the youth, listen up
This is my story
Listen up
You can't ignore me
All my impossible dreams…
Not interested. Please leave. Out!
In ever-changing waves
This life flows, listen up
Listen up
It keeps telling us
To feel the rhythm
Listen up
Listen up…
So it wasn't Ronnie?
It was Dennis,
he's a reporter at the Gazette.
Dad found out he was on
Uncle Hiram's payroll.
You guys accused her for nothing.
Yeah.
Can we see Veronica?
Miss Lodge is out on a trip
with her mother.
Thank you.
Have you spoken to Veronica?
Here come the bells jingling
What do you mean?
You are not going to sign?
Hiram Lodge got me the job.
It wouldn't be gracious to go
against him, baby.
This is my story, listen up
They say I'm young
And I've got nowhere to be
I say there's so much I can do
Tradin' my goodies for the grass
Under my feet
Making a greener world for you
Listen up!
-Merry Christmas, Nanny.
-Merry Christmas, Veronica baby.
I hope you like your gift.
-God bless you.
-Thank you.
-Merry Christmas, Miss Lodge.
-Merry Christmas, Smithers.
Where's Mama?
Your parents left early this morning
to make it in time
for the Governor's lunch in Mussoorie.
Mussoorie?
Mrs. Lodge asked you not to wait for them,
and to go ahead and open your gifts.
They'll be back soon.
Would you like to invite
your friends over for lunch?
We could cook up a storm.
Wow! That looks delicious.
You've started making trifles, Betts?
-No, my mom made that.
-Wow, yummy! Thank you.
You're welcome.
Ronnie!
Your house looks so lovely.
Merry Christmas, Ronnie.
Merry Christmas, Uncle Hal.
Ronnie will have lunch with us.
How wonderful!
But first your Christmas gift.
-Welcome home.
-Thank you.
Daddy, where's Ronnie's gift?
I left it here.
Blessed we are to have you, Veronica.
Merry Christmas, my love.
Some milk and bickies
till the table is set.
We are 17 years old, Dad!
Come.
You are so lucky, Betts.
So are you.
We all get good and bad in our lunchbox.
The boys are really ashamed
they doubted you.
You could really help save the park.
Thank you for believing me.
For always and ever.
I have something to confess.
I kissed Archie.
You did what?
I'm sorry, Ron. I didn't know
you still had feelings for him.
-When was this?
-The night of my birthday.
I thought, after you had left,
things had changed.
And you said you weren't
interested in Archie…
Your birthday?
Why didn't you tell me, Betts?
I was guilty.
I'm sorry, it was just wrong.
When I saw you together at Lake House,
it was obvious you two are in love.
Archie doesn't know the meaning of love.
I should've told you before.
Yes, if you had, I wouldn't have
kissed him at Lake House.
I wouldn't have come in the way.
I always felt like you had a crush on him.
And sometimes I used to worry
that I'd lose him to you.
-To me?
-You're the only girl I've ever envied.
You're kind and generous and friendly.
Everyone loves you, Betty Cooper.
And you're as cute as a button.
I've never felt that way.
You should!
Instead of focusing on
what a boy thinks of you.
How dare he play us both!
You think he's playing us both,
or is he actually just confused?
There's only one weirdo
who can answer that.
Archie? Two-time?
How would I know?
Because no one knows him better.
Who told you that?
I did! Now spit it out. What's his game?
I have to collect petitions.
-I'm getting late, I must go.
-Sit…
down.
-And put your hands behind your back.
-Why?
What the hell?
You guys joined the police force?
Those are my mother's.
Are you going to murder me?
Maybe.
What's going on?
What's on the menu, Smithers?
Goat trotters with bread.
Ball curry and rice.
Chicken liver pie.
Roast quail.
Meat and potatoes.
And Master Jughead's favorite,
pork vindaloo.
Thank you, Smithers.
Tell us the truth or watch us eat dinner.
Archie loves you both.
He's really confused. He can't choose.
Who is he to choose?
No, no, you're absolutely right.
He messed with us, Juggy.
I warned him when you find out,
it'll be bad.
He didn't listen to me.
You girls are scary.
-Scary?
-Yeah.
-Poor guy.
-Poor guy!
It's a real problem.
He can't help himself.
He can't live without either of you.
That's why he wrote the Founders' Ball
song for you both.
What?
Can I join you for dinner now?
Archie.
You're having a dream.
And here is your nightmare.
Ronnie?
The last time I checked, yes!
-I owe you a big apology.
-Yes, you do.
I should've known you were
telling the truth.
And we should've known
you're a number-one liar.
Betty, what's going on?
You tell us.
Why are you creating problems
between us, Archiekins?
Problems?
I know what this looks like,
but I never lied to either of you.
I always told the truth.
Like you wrote that song for me.
"Va Va Voom." For Betty!
And for me too.
Jughead told you?
-True friend.
-What?
-Why would you do that?
-I don't know, I really like both of you.
That's so sweet.
I'm really sorry.
I don't want to hurt anyone.
Great. We don't want to hurt
each other either.
No one can come between Betts and me.
It's just not worth it.
You saying I'm not worth it?
Sort of.
We're one gang, Arch.
And you're a wonderful best friend.
We should keep it at that.
Don't you think?
Better for all.
-Don't look so heartbroken.
-He'll be fine.
Hearts don't break, right?
They just fracture.
And time heals everything.
Change your line, Archie!
Bye.
And don't try it on again!
Or we'll kill you.
See you at the park meeting tomorrow.
You just got popped, Andrews.
Here.
-Hi, Ronnie.
-Hi.
-Welcome back!
Hey.
I'm sorry.
And I'm Ronnie. Nice to meet you.
Betts.
Thanks for sparing his life.
Don't be weird, Juggy.
You've done more than enough, Jughead.
True friend!
Come, sit.
So?
How's it going?
Final count, 1,200 signatures.
That's all?
We're still 3,300 short.
-That's it. We're out of time.
-She's right.
My mother said,
the work in the park will start on Monday.
Only four days left.
We haven't got half the number we need.
We have to do something. We can't give up.
We must go door-to-door.
Ask all the grown-ups
for their signatures.
I may have an idea.
There are two types of adults.
Young adults and the ones
trying to be young.
Funny.
-I think we can draw them in.
-"Teen Movie Draws Adults?"
-Meaning?
-Let's invite all the adults to one place.
You know what? We can have a fest.
-I love fests.
-Yes!
Should we do it in the park?
How will we invite them?
We'll have the same problem
of not reaching enough people.
Edison said,
"The person who succeeds is the one
who, after failing a thousand times,
tries once more."
Did Edison also say how to reach
a thousand people in one go?
He did. The radio.
-Edison invented the radio.
-No, that was Marconi. But who cares!
Let's use the radio.
-Moose, you're a genius!
-Thanks.
Where are you going?
Who's gonna let us on Akashvani?
Who said anything about Akashvani?
-So then?
-We can try Dilton-vani. Come!
-What is Dilton-vani?
-Let's go.
Now we just need to see if it works.
You made a radio?
Wow! It's a radio.
You only told Moose about it?
Is it legal?
Come on, Hedy Lamarr. Show us your stuff.
Wow, Dilly!
Godrej Cinthol Soap.
India's only deodorant soap.
Good morning, Riverdale!
I am your secret Santa.
I'm a little late showing up.
Better to be Mr. Late than a late mister!
No more funny guy…
because I'm sure you're all aware
the future of our Green Park is in danger.
But some kids just won't have it.
With me is 17-year-old,
Archie Andrews from Riverdale High.
Archie, what do you have to say?
Hello, everybody.
I'm from the Class of 1964.
All I want to say…
just talking isn't enough.
The time has come for us
to come together and act.
Like you say, Archie, we all have
Tell me where we must meet.
Green Park.
"You're officially invited
to the jammiest of jam sessions
on the sunniest of Sundays on the 30th."
Music, food, games, love,
and most important of all, free entry.
But remember,
kids must be accompanied by an adult.
Four days left.
Then the construction starts in the park.
These trees are the stories
of our past generations.
If we forget our story, then who are we?
This is our history.
We won't let it be erased.
Be there if you care!
Well done!
Dilly, you genius.
Thank you!
Unlock the park gate now.
I said unlock the park gate now!
You are all minors.
You don't want to go to jail.
The police are here.
One word from the Council Head
and you'll be…
Mr. Dawson? Mr. Dawson!
How did they know
we'd be here a day early?
Good call, Miss Lodge,
making us spend the night here.
Evacuate the premises!
This is the Council's order.
Let the games begin.
Save the Green!
Shut up!
This needs to stop.
Keep quiet! Silence!
Save the Green!
Silence!
I said keep quiet!
Save the Green!
Excuse me! Please!
Excuse me! Thank you.
Save the Green! Save the Green!
For crying out loud!
You let her stay here all night?
Have you ever tried stopping her, Hiram?
She's your daughter, after all.
Save the Green! Save the Green!
Mrs. Lodge.
Mr. Lodge.
Sorry for these nuisance kids.
I will order the police to force them out.
You will do no such thing.
But they will collect petitions,
Mrs. Lodge.
What will happen if they hit the target?
Then I will lose the land,
and you will lose your donation.
Precisely!
Back off, Dawson.
Nothing will happen,
they'll never get enough signatures.
-Save the Green! Save the Green!
-Let them have their day.
Save the Green! Save the Green!
Eat anything in exchange for signatures!
Four signatures a burger,
two signatures for fries.
Signatures?
-Can I get one of these?
-Two signatures for that.
That's your third try!
Wonderful! Okay. Who's next?
Three tries for three signatures.
Come, light up the bulbs.
Let's see how strong you are.
It's your lucky day.
All this is from my personal stuff.
Every item is marked.
That's five signatures, that's eight.
-And that's ten.
-Ten?
You want more style?
Get more signatures. Go, go!
Who wants a makeover? Cut your hair.
Or style your hair.
Spin the wheel and get a new look
for five signatures.
-Ta, Pam.
-Anytime!
-Looking good, Aunty Alice!
-Thank you, Ethel.
Two signatures for a brownie
and three signatures for a slice of cake.
-How's it going, my Betts?
-Good.
Hello! What is this?
This is comfort food
in your comfort place.
Would you like some cake?
Wow! So strong!
Sign the petition. Ask a question.
Get a punchline.
Why are horses so strong?
Because they live in a stable environment!
Knock-knock.
Who's there?
Yam.
Yam, who?
Yeah, I'm very, very sorry.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please give this corny joke some love.
Mango orchard? Mary will take you.
-This way to the mango orchard.
-The mango orchard, everyone.
-Yeah. Mary is right there.
-Hello.
We have to get
as many petitions as possible.
I'm so proud of you guys…
How many times do I have to tell you?
These books don't sell!
Go, keep them inside.
You're an hour late.
Sorry about that.
We'll keep bringing you more
as they come in.
You have till 5:00 p.m.
Please count them carefully.
Not a single signature will be missed.
Thank you.
Hello, everybody.
Thank you so much for coming here today.
You've seen The Archies perform before.
Today we have some new band members.
Friends who inspired the song
we're going to sing for you today.
Let's meet them. We have Dilton Doiley.
Reggie Mantle.
Veronica Lodge.
Betty Cooper.
Ethel Muggs.
Moose Mason.
And Midge Klump.
My father once told me,
to make art one has to go in, not out.
This song comes from our hearts.
If you want to save this park like we do,
then your signatures are needed.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I believe we can save this park.
-Yes, we can!
-Go on!
I believe we can save the Green.
-Yes!
You come to me
I'll come to you
Let us all come together
You will sing
I will sing too
We will all sing together
Here
And there
Everyone will hear us
Here
And there
Our voices will echo
All our voices
Will turn into sunbeams
And those sunbeams
Will brighten the world with new light
My heart tells me
If trouble or sadness casts over us
They will be defeated
We will win
If we don't lose courage
Here
And there
Everyone will hear us
Here
And there
Our voices will echo
All our voices
Will turn into sunbeams
And those sunbeams
Will brighten the world with new light
All our voices
Will turn into sunbeams
And those sunbeams
Will brighten the world with new light
All our voices
Will turn into sunbeams
And those sunbeams
Will brighten the world with new light
If we all stand together
Our heads will never bow
You and I
Will fulfill all our dreams
No matter who tries to stop us
Here
And there
Our voices will echo
All our voices
Will turn into sunbeams
And those sunbeams
Will brighten the world with new light
All our voices
Will turn into sunbeams
And those sunbeams
Will brighten the world with new light
Like I said,
some things are worth fighting for.
We woke up to the last day of the year.
It was a cold morning.
We were all waiting for
the voting results.
Mr. Gomes went personally to the Gazette
with the final count.
His next stop was at station master
Doiley's house.
Dilly!
Dilton's illegal radio
was going to be seized,
but he was given permission
to make one final announcement.
We've hit our target number of signatures!
Dilly switched on the mic
and everyone turned up their radios.
Dilton-vani could be heard in
every Riverdale home.
The message was loud and clear,
just like the citizens of Riverdale.
The town has been louder and clearer
than you could have ever imagined!
Save the Green got 5,600 signatures!
We won! No one could cut down our trees.
Our history would remain untouched.
The tradition of Planters Day
would live on.
The permission for the hotel was revoked.
Like they say,
you win some and you lose some.
And guess what? Our class of '64
became Riverdale's most famous students.
Moose!
-What is "revoked"?
-I'll tell you later.
Uncle Hal and Aunty Alice realized
they should've done
what the kids managed to do.
You cheeky kids.
-They did what we couldn't.
-I didn't know how you did it!
"Hoga!" Dad! You finally got it right.
Fred's Hindi also improved miraculously.
And like every successful man,
Mr. Lodge rolled with the punches.
He saw himself in his daughter
and that was his victory.
You showed us that no one
is too young to change the world.
Well played, kiddo!
Thank you.
We did it!
Pop Tates announced free meals
for everyone that day.
Come, I'll tell you what "revoke" is.
Yet Mr. Dawson could not finish
his breakfast.
Except for him, the whole town
came out to celebrate.
This was going to be
a very happy new year,
because The Archies had done it!
Baby!
A new color paints every passing moment
Life has this new zing
Come with me
Let's take this road together
A new color paints every passing moment
Life has this new zing
Come with me
Let's take this road together
The road up ahead has no end
Spring is here, light on its feet
Spreading a song in the air
Baby!
New hopes, new dreams
The sky and the earth belong to us
Come with me
Let's take this road together
A new season has come to stay
Nowhere is too far to go
Come with me
Let's take this road together
All the roads ahead
Unwind for us
Spring is here, light on its feet
Spreading a song in the air
Baby! Baby!
Baby!
The voice in my heart says
We must be together
Say it out loud, let everyone hear
The road that stretches out ahead
Sways and dances in every season
Sings its song to you
The road that stretches out ahead
Sways and dances in every season
Sings its song to you
Baby! Baby!
Can't help it now, can I?
I'm the king of wishful thinking
The world may say what it wants to say
I'm way past caring
I dance to my own tune
Lost to this world am I
A vast kingdom within my mind
I dwell in fantasy
Stop me if you think you can
I'm off to touch the sky
I choose my path, my journey
I'm my own company
With my desire I chart the course
Of my own destiny
You'll have to admit
There's no one quite like me
Any challenge thrown my way
Is dispatched quite deftly
Stop me if you think you can
I'm off to touch the sky
My dreams are beyond
Your reckoning or control
My heart thunders like a train
My wheels are on a roll
Stop me if you think you can
I'm off to touch the sky
Touch, touch the sky, yeah
My heart beats boom-boom for you
You make me feel like Sunday on a Saturday
My heart bells ring ding-dong for you
You make me smile like I am on a holiday
My blue guitar goes ting-ting
For you, my love
I may not be Sinatra, I'll sing it anyway
O Ruby, if life were plum pudding
You'd be the sugar and spice
O Michael, if life were plum pudding
You'd be the sweetest surprise
O Ruby, if life were plum pudding
You'd be the sugar and spice
O Michael, you are my plum pudding
Sweeter than sugar, my love
Sweeter than sugar
My love